README.md, before:

# HTML Class Suggestions

html-class-suggestions is a Visual Studio Code extension that provides completion options for html class attributes based on the css files in your workspace.

## Features

* Suggestions based on the css files in your workspace.
* Monitors your workspace for css file changes and refreshes the suggestions if needed.
* css parsing using the [css npm module](https://github.com/reworkcss/css).
* Avoids parsing identical files by comparing file hash.
* Language support: html, php

![Screenshot 1](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/andersea/HTMLClassSuggestionsVSCode/master/images/Screenshot%201.png)

## Requirements

The extension is bundled with all necessary requirements, so it should be plug and play.

## Release Notes

### 0.3.0

Basic php support. - Issue #5.

### 0.2.1

Fixed issue #4 - Refresh CSS classes on css file changes.

### 0.2.0

Optimized parsing for projects with a lot of duplicate css files. See [8525aaf](https://github.com/andersea/HTMLClassSuggestionsVSCode/commit/8525aafee9f2f64ad1e39ceb78c38b91b59f0a9b).

### 0.1.2

Fixed issue #1 - VSCode hangs when extension opens a large number of css files.

### 0.1.1

Various minor packaging improvements.

### 0.1.0

Initial release of html-class-suggestions.

Commit message:

Fix release note versioning in readme

README.md, after:

# HTML Class Suggestions

html-class-suggestions is a Visual Studio Code extension that provides completion options for html class attributes based on the css files in your workspace.

## Features

* Suggestions based on the css files in your workspace.
* Monitors your workspace for css file changes and refreshes the suggestions if needed.
* css parsing using the [css npm module](https://github.com/reworkcss/css).
* Avoids parsing identical files by comparing file hash.
* Language support: html, php

![Screenshot 1](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/andersea/HTMLClassSuggestionsVSCode/master/images/Screenshot%201.png)

## Requirements

The extension is bundled with all necessary requirements, so it should be plug and play.

## Release Notes

### 1.0.0
 
I am releasing this as v1.0.0. No longer a preview. This release includes basic php support. - Issue #5.

### 0.2.1

Fixed issue #4 - Refresh CSS classes on css file changes.

### 0.2.0

Optimized parsing for projects with a lot of duplicate css files. See [8525aaf](https://github.com/andersea/HTMLClassSuggestionsVSCode/commit/8525aafee9f2f64ad1e39ceb78c38b91b59f0a9b).

### 0.1.2

Fixed issue #1 - VSCode hangs when extension opens a large number of css files.

### 0.1.1

Various minor packaging improvements.

### 0.1.0

Initial release of html-class-suggestions.
